Restart query server when external config changes (#2289)
github/vscode-codeql: extensions/ql-vscode/CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED]

- Restart the CodeQL language server whenever the _CodeQL: Restart Query Server_ command is invoked. This avoids bugs where the CLI version changes to support new language features, but the language server is not updated. [#2238](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/2238)

> - Avoid requiring a manual restart of the query server when the [external CLI config file](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/codeql-cli/using-the-codeql-cli/specifying-command-options-in-a-codeql-configuration-file#using-a-codeql-configuration-file) changes. [#22892289)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Avoid requiring a manual restart of the query server when the [external CLI config file](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/codeql-cli/using-the-codeql-cli/specifying-command-options-in-a-codeql-configuration-file#using-a-codeql-configuration-file) changes. [#2289](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/2289)
```
